general:
construct the save/load methods so that they... *gasp* work!
when a new vassal is created make a new window, and simply make the 'inactive ones' invisible, so that their states can still be accessed.

For some reason whenever I try saving I get an access denied IOException. Add system outs in save to isolate the issue (maybe even in nationhandler to see which method(s) generate the error quickly) 
The dummy button should probably be there for a while, it is very very very useful for debugging and since I can write a day of coding without ever testing it, that is sorely needed.
Whenever I go from an instance of Lord within NationHandler and go back to access variables within NationHandler the variables have been reset. This is because I generate a new instance of NationHandler whenever I inside Lord try to directly access it. There must be a better way of sending information between the classes. Maybe requests is the best option? This is something that I should continue investigating. Like now.

rule-wize:
Add Buildings
Add Institutions
add culture&religion tables
add tradefunction
Add feats/unit feats&other unit related things

on ReadNWrite:
create the save file structure for 
	lords---DONE!
	hexes---DONE!
	units---DONE!
	routes---DONE!
	officials---DONE!
finish save mehtods for
	lords---DONE!
	hexes---DONE!
	units---DONE?
	routes---DONE!
	officials---DONE!
finish load methods for
	lords
	hexes---DONE? Test required!
	units
	routes
	officials

on mainthread:---DONE!
fix loop so that all buttons have functionality---DONE!
tidy up the mainthread so that it is a bit easier to overview wtf is going on. MORE COMMENTS!---DONE!
set up a check to see if save_request? and then call NationHandler.properSave() or something---Will not do this!
connect to nationhandler instead of mainwindow---DONE!

NationHanler:
connect to the mainthread in a proper way.---DONE!
initializer must set overlord window to visible and set that up properly---DONE!
set up methods for showing (or unshowing) lord windows---DONE!

LordWindow:
governmentpanel
nationstatspanel
culture/portfoliopanel
set up pages for vassaltree and notes
set up buttons (maybe nex to file?) for hexes, military, trade
lordwindow and lord needs to merge into the same class---DONE!
add layouts so that we can actually start testing functionality
fix the save button so that we can start trying to read/write save files!---DONE!

on nation:
total bpm, tax income, total trade value and overlord tax must be global and accessible, bake them into the nation object---DONE!

Add governemnt tab (already exists??)
These should not be on main window, but should possibly be sub-classes to main window, which all opens a small pop-up themselves.
Add Official functionality
Add trade
add hex things
add units
Add military things

priorities:
1. connect nationhandler to mainthread---DONE!
2. finish outlining under 'on ReadNWrite:'---DONE!
3. fininsh input part of classes hex, unit, route, official---the bone is constructed for all of them except for units
4. fix the save part of 'on ReadNWrite:'
5. finish lord layout---put the different tabs in their of classes? and pull them from there so that they are more easily accessible and updatable. Take the important information (the three in the left tab and all of the right) and make them named variables which can be retreived (also need to update load/save so that the last three on the left are included)
6. finish hex layout
7. finish routes layout
8. finish officials layout
9. finish load part of 'on ReadNWrite:'
10. finish classes hex, unit, route, official
11. finish units layout
12. set initializers of nationhandler so that lordwindow, hexwindow, unitwindow and officialwindow are created